Congratulations! You've made it this far already.
We've learned so much about variables and sorts of operations you can perform on them.
We've seen how to concatenate strings together and we've seen how to add,
multiply, subtract and divide integers and doubles as well.
Now let's have a look at this program here.
What do you think it would print as an output when you run it?
Notice how the variables x,
y and z keep changing over time and then we finally print those three values.
Which one of those would be the correct output?
Remember to follow this program step by step and
keep track of the value of each variable individually.